Interfaces (#2)
selmaT273/Lab06-OOP_Principles: README.md

## Encapsulation
- This is the practice of hiding implementation methods and attributes from the user to a varying degree by way of using access modifiers such as public, private, protected, and internal. 

# Lab 07: Interfaces

## Interface
- An interface is a way to group types together by sharing the same kind of inheritance among them. It defines a role that an object can play by specifying a thing that an object is able to do. 

## Interface Implementation
- In my project, there are currently 2 interfaces: IEatFresh and ISpeakAlot. 
### IEatFresh

> - This interface allows specific concrete animals to eat fresh food if they inherit from the IEatFresh interface.

Reviewer: Language nitpick:
```suggestion
- This interface allows specific concrete animals to eat fresh food if they implement the IEatFresh interface.
```

Author: Thank you for the feedback! Changed it locally.

### ISpeakAlot

> - This interface allows some of the concrete animals to SpeakAlot if they inherit from the ISpeakAlot class.

Reviewer: Language nitpick:
```suggestion
- This interface allows some of the concrete animals to SpeakAlot if they implement the ISpeakAlot interface.
```

Author: Thank you! Changed it locally.
